yes
Now I'm Pete Seeger and welcome to the
part number 2 of the how-to tutorial
fly jet fighters the first
part was of the basic controls and
how not to crash basically in this
part let's see how to optimize better
the turns and in some way that are
more competitive what do I mean if
you realize and we do the
tutorial of the last we look towards the
right we pull the nose up is
a relatively broad tour guien
by the draft mini-map that is in the
lower left will realize
that we relatively fly in a broad
circle if we leave nothing else the
controls as we have left them once
past how we can optimize
make a quicker lap and especially
a shorter circle so that that
speed will look much steeper
as you can see here practically
explaining in the same place
there are several ways not necessarily a
series of steps but the key is in that
if they see in force g good then
is the g so to speak where it says g 1
and he also the speed that says 342
they may realize that while
we give a common and ordinary return the ag
happens from different ranges as could
be a 1 6 7 6 8 suddenly it goes up 7 8 and
the speed is at 333 in 39 341 that
makes the turns in the speed
makes the turns very very
broad if you lower the speed to
practically everything that the engine gives
you can see 230 2019 the laps in
They are actually too effective
slow but imagine doing this
in the middle of a fight between planes
they are really going to end up losing
because they're going to be like floating around
so say less what is the balance between
a turn a short turn and give it
quickly from baa3 it is said that
there are 290 some other 310 more than anything
that they earn with the ability and more
ok with the practice but the point
precise is a speed more or less I
I consider between 290 and 300 and in what
says force g around that always
stay in about 7 to be guided
at what speed do it how can
maintain that speed either by slowing down
constantly
and kept up the speed they can do is
a way or fernando alternating with the
braking and alternating with him
the turbine reaction so they go
relatively slow fast slow fast
that is more technical than everyone
the important thing is that they control that
speed so you guys go to
test field they grab a jet and
Put yourself to practice circles like this
I'm doing until they keep a
speed at which you already
get used to how the plane feels
how that speed feels and what
speed and strength that are maneuvering
so they can see how fast they can give
the turns and can even
extrapolate those more more advanced so
say it but towards upwards or towards
down so that the laps also do not
they are too broad you like if
with apply the same principles and
they control the same speed
they may realize they are turning more
closed and probably we would be in
against the ground is that however
they took a turn up they will give
that gravity affects
differently and practically not
we are crashing
for we almost crashed in that way
if you are equally control your
speed is to say speed up a little on
the climb
and slow down a little on the way down
maintain a speed more or less
constant and they will be able to turn much more
accurate but this video has been useful
and above all that it has been informative if
it was like this please leave on the
qualification subscribe to the channel if they are
new ones see the other videos so they
compensate and the social network is in the
description see you in the next